In this section, you're going to get your
very first Android app up and running.
And as well as creating a project and
seeing how it all works, we're going to
get running on an Android virtual device
also known as an AVD and we'll be
looking at how to use an emulator to
test your apps as well. In addition, we're
going to go through the steps to get set
up and working on a real physical
Android device, before that though we're
going to start by explaining the Android
studio templates in the next video and
let's say you'll understand what the
templates do for you and why it's not
the end of the world if you choose the
wrong one. So let's make a start.